so if there should there is some space
turns oil through operation of the
he doesn't fall into it
us moths started last week
cambuur has been politely important for
fc twente by bringing in the equalizer
shoot
is that what you meant in earlier
take interviews with the lead
yes that is it is a bit like me
mean
tim has some extras at that time
necessary and yes I feel called
because
am able to take foundation with them now
busy with my second year here
I again what the experience Samar
hiss they do not agree season
You can expect them naturally at
by what more had shown that god
put him together for yourself nice card
keep training
I change it I have I could and if you
but enough trains and it comes
anyway the rides and so I have
had to give up
I do have some heavy periods
it is pure and new
new club new players around you
other pressure you have to win now
we will so if you had thought was
very nice beautiful she was not much
to daan
I learned a lot of things last
year that of course also plays with again
better players who
of which you also record things and tadic
promes and yes you learn from each other and from
I also have a lot of things in it
learned
so so on i get the good stuff out of you
Boys are drawn there you go
in that it is a feed specifically
yes i have used to that always
very well your body and hair was just
very strong at the ball and yes I don't
very often no self in the duel
a madman learned from him to be the man
blocks and have come over me then
then go to the ball and it did
previously always different so me
easier to balance out
I learned so much from and and that
we small things you still have contact
with ardic or promes
not with a shower but with quincy
well we still have one who wins
start that they are made good luck set
with the number of boys
and that is still in it so yes we
have another lesson in there what does she do that
even more for things out there on that app
We come to talk about those conversations
a lot of things now only about football
and what football actually little
talked to her
we bully each other a bit
backgrounds and where do you guys
all the pictures of youth come from
hairstyles that sort of thing must be wrong
everything beyond that is nice too
if you can keep in touch that way
then from that old team bar team
strong you all together nut than
you know it and it's good to have a good one
to have bond with each other because then you go
on the pitch also for each other by it
fire
so that's all right
this weekend the home game against ado
the hague in the grolsch fortress
what do you know about that team so a team
that should not be underestimated
they go home until the last
minute and ahead of time you have that family too
style long before and then they scored
yet one in the last minutes
goal and we just have to be very sharp
play out of focus from the start
fight a bit very often
last half an hour and that patience
we must also save Saturday and as
we just we do it well are
we must be able to beat ado the hague